c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.exe.config
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.exe
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.pdb
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.g.resources
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.exe
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\NanoPoolMiner.pdb
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\PriceView.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\PriceView.baml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\OptionView.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\OptionView.baml
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\bin\Debug\OpenHardwareMonitorLib.dll
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\HardwareView.g.cs
c:\users\mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\HardwareView.baml
C:\Users\Mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\MessageBoxView.g.cs
C:\Users\Mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\MessageBoxView.baml
C:\Users\Mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\HardwareItemView.g.cs
C:\Users\Mars\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\NanoPoolMiner\obj\Debug\Views\HardwareItemView.baml
C:\Users\Mars\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\bin\NanoPoolMiner.exe.config
C:\Users\Mars\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\bin\NanoPoolMiner.exe
C:\Users\Mars\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoPoolMiner\bin\NanoPoolMiner.pdb
